[Back Home](../index.html)

[Journal Home](index.html)


# Day 8: 11.05.2025: Sunday:

* Time: 21:56
* Balance: -£723.24
* Entry:


## Arriving means nothing without the journey.

Something I'd like other people to know about where I am in life right now:

I'm finally starting to approach my life like I am it's architect. I don't mean God. I mean We have the God given freedom to live or build whatever life we like and I'm finally choosing to design my life the way I like it and figure out what works best for me.

I think it's important to know that for me right now, figuring shit out is as rewarding to me as actually achieving the thing I'm trying to figure out.

For example, I'm building my own workout and diet routine right now. Building it myself, without relying on anyone else, using experimentation trial and error is as rewarding for me as having the perfect diet and exercise plan. Because that's how you get there.


## What is the right question?

For too long I've been asking the wrong question:

How long will it take?

I think this is a very common question people ask when looking into health and fittness plans but this is the wrong question. It's the wrong question because focusing on how long it will take implies theres an end point. A point at which you can just let go and take it easy, eat whatever you like, stop training and somehow magically still stay in shape.

With this mindset you've already given up before you've started.

So what's the right question?

**What diet and exercise routine would I be willing to stick to for the rest of my life?**

Because if you're not going to stick to it then whats the point? This is what inspired the evergreen project. A method for developiong systems I can stick to for as long as I live.

When it comes to diet and exercise and indirectly my finances. I go from month to month setting rules. I see what works and what doesn't and then I adapt and improve the system.

Ideally this will mean that I will perpetually improve over time.

Like anything it wont be a straight upward line all the way, there will be many ups and downs of different sizes but overall, the trend should keep going up as long as I stick to the project.

22:11 I should probably go to bed now. See you tomorrow :)


